[Music]
[Applause]
hi Rosie friends its Julie and today I'm
going to do a part 1 video of many
different products from the same brand
it's from a company called then med and
they weren't let me see if I can find
there there we go
Zen mid so they were kind enough to
contact me and asked if I would be
interested in trying any of their
products to review and they said just go
please go to the website and pick out
products that you would like to try out
and we will send them to you which I
thought was super generous this is not a
sponsored video this is all just an
honest review based on products that
they did send me for free for this exact
purpose for so they asked which products
I would like to try out and I went to
the website and I checked them out and
they have a huge number of products
there that are rosacea friendly so it
was actually a really difficult choice
and the ones that I wanted to try were
the anti redness masks because that
looked really interesting to me and I've
tried a lot of masks and some of them
aren't great and some of them are
amazing oh I thought this was a really
good chance so I asked for the redness
mask and I honestly don't remember what
the other product was that I asked for I
think it might have been one of the SPF
sunscreen products but I genuinely can't
remember I would have to look up the
email again and the whole point of this
story is that they sent me a huge basket
full of products it was just this box
that showed up just ton with a ton of
different products to try they are all
rosacea friendly I look through them all
I think I've tried every single one of
these and so this is going to be part
one
I'll put if I remember to do it I'll put
a picture on the screen of all the
products that were sent to me I did post
it on Instagram already because I was so
excited
instead of trying to make a 45-minute
video or longer about everything that
I've tried here I thought I would break
it down and I would just do one at a
time and that would make this much more
pleasant for you so the first video that
I'm going to do is going to be about the
cleansing gentle cleansing cream it's in
a big pump bottle so it looks like this
and the next step kind of in the
skincare line up this it's basically
used in place of a toner and it is the
Zen mid nutrient boost spray yep so I've
tried both of these I have tried them
for quite some time I actually tried
them for a little bit and then had an
allergic reaction to something else not
one of these products have to stop and
then started using them again afterwards
once my face at all healed up so I feel
like I've had quite a bit of time now in
almost two separate occasions to get to
know these products and to get
comfortable with them and they also sent
a whole pile of really cool information
and I read all of it
because that's the kind of thing that I
do and I did also think that it was
pretty neat I kept the wrapping from the
box but it's just because they had these
stickers on there that show that it says
no cosmetic boxes and med police recycle
so not only is this recyclable but these
products came like this they didn't have
the outer box that would also need to be
recycled so there's a lot less junk
being produced just by the the way that
these are packaged so I didn't really
appreciate that and absolutely nothing
opened up in the mail there was anything
that had left goo all over everywhere
because the cap it opened its oh really
nicely packaged and sealed so that the
the tops don't open up or anything the
gentle cleansing cream it says
formulated specifically to not over dry
or strip the skin of vital oils this pH
balance cream cleanser works excellent
on skin that is sensitive to commonly
used cleansing agents helps remove
impurities while preserving the natural
pH mental leaving your skin nourished
and soothed ideal for rosacea sufferers
says it flat out on there
and then in the how to use pamphlet it
says apply to what face using circular
motions rinse off with warm water Pat
skin dry gentle enough to be used twice
a day and that's exactly what I did
I used it basically at my sink when I
wash my face in the morning and then I
used it again in the evening before bed
and just wash my face in the shower so
um yep I found it's a very very thick
cream I liked that a lot about it I used
a full like if you use one full pump of
the bottle that is the perfect amount at
least for my my big old face and and I
use circular motions did the whole my
whole entire face I even did over my
eyes for a while no adverse reactions to
this whatsoever I would not use it to
remove makeup I didn't find that it was
enough to it would do you know if there
was a light powder it would take that
off but if I really got in there with
all of my hundreds of layers of
concealers and powders and that whole
shebang then that really it wasn't
enough but that's fine because really
most cleansers aren't though I I would
take the any makeup off with an oil and
then normally coconut oil then I use
this and that would wash off any excess
oils or dirts or like whatever happened
to land on my face throughout the day
just by wandering in our polluted world
and yeah I I like this this is a really
nice cleanser um I didn't find that
there was anything to jump up and down
about but I don't know how you could do
that as a cleanser this was just a
really nice gentle cleanser for everyday
use using it twice a day it did exactly
what I needed to do it did Clint cleanse
what I wanted to be cleansed but it
didn't as it says on the in the
packaging it doesn't strip your skin of
everything so it doesn't have that tight
feeling once you've lost your face it
has just a very healthy clean skin
feeling even after using the coconut oil
the excess like the coconut oil was
washed away it was just my face left
behind without being over stripped of
everything then after that was the
nutrient boost spray um
don't really know what I think of this
this um it has no smell let me see
there it is nutrient booth spray great
for people who experience breakouts
immediately after exposure to heat cold
wind and UV the soothing spray is
enriched through immediately penetrate
skin surface and calm redness ideal for
sufferers of hot flashes and unexplained
flushing perfect to toss in your purse
or car so I use this basically like a
toner I can't say that I spritz to my
face with it during the day so that
probably wasn't too fair to it just
because it's not in my habit to do that
especially at this time of year I will
do that if I find that my face flares up
at some point maybe I'll alum at some
point if I have something spicy I'll try
and spritz it with this afterwards and
see what happens and I'll do a follow-up
review of that but I did find that it
had absolutely no smell whatsoever not
chemicals not ingredients not fragrances
anything it may as well be water in
there and it absorbed really quickly
into my skin I sprayed it it felt
cooling I couldn't tell basically what
it was doing like if if it did if it had
any benefit I couldn't instantly tell
that over spritzing with water or
thermal water or any of those things
that said I have done that before with
other brands and they've had toners or
tonics or something that are meant for
that kind of purpose and I said like now
I'm not gonna buy that again I didn't
really see the benefit and then I
stopped using it and then I saw the
benefit so again if I'm being unfair to
this product and it's doing something
really great for me and I use it later
because I mean the winter is really
settling in now and if it gets really
cold and windy then I am going to start
having some problems with my skin so I
will start using this and I will do a
follow-up review again if I find that my
opinion if this changes either way it
did not cause irritation in any way at
all I found it was a really pleasant
product I kind of liked the experience
of using the extra thing because it was
there but yeah so for the first two
products part one of the this video
series of the Zen med products very
happy with them noting these did not
irritate at all I would continue using
this as a cleanser I'm absolutely going
to use it I'm not even done yet it lasts
a surprisingly long time considering how
much comes out with each pump yeah I
will continue using it right till the
end I really like it
I recommend them I don't
and anything you know that because I say
that we all have different skin care
needs we all have different reactions to
stuff but if you are looking for a new
very gentle cleansing cream for example
this is a really lovely one you should
add it to your list check out the
ingredients talk about it with your
dermatologist or just compare it to what
you already know but what your skin
loves because really nice so if you're
looking for something definitely worth
checking out but yeah so I hope you
liked this video I hope you're eager to
hear about the rest of the tons and tons
and tons of products that I've been sent
if you do like this video please give it
a thumbs up that way I'll know that you
like to hear about my product reviews on
my rosacea prone face and if you want to
see more videos like this or see the
rest of the series I hope you will
subscribe to my channel if you haven't
already I make new videos every Sunday
and Thursday and than that we'll see you
next time
[Music]